Ava: Hi everybody., how are you doing?
I'm Ava.
This is my identical twin, Loretta.
We're the Double Time Twins, and right now
we're going to teach you how to dance like
Ciara.
One thing about Ciara is all about her attitude.
She's very cool and relaxed with her choreography.
Our favorite dance moves that she doe is in
her "One Two Step" videos, so that's what
we're going to teach you right now.
Loretta: Awesome.
Ava: So, two counts of beat.
The first count of beat is the "let me do
my one two step."
Okay, so here we go.
Your leg's going to come front and then your
other leg's going to come behind.
The leg in front is going to come to the side
and this other leg is going to come front.
And we're going to do the same exact thing
the other way; front, back, side, front; front,
back, side, front; front, back, side, front;
front, back, side, front.
Now when you do this, you can lean with it.
Like, your hand's going to be here and you're
pushing through.
Loretta: Like you're pushing through something.
Ava: So here we go; front, back, side, front;
front, back, side, front; front, back, side,
front.
Let me do my one two step, awesome.
We do that twice, let's do it again; five,
six, seven, eight; one, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight, awesome.
Next part, Ciara likes to shake her booty,
so that's what we're going to show you right
now.
We're going to turn to the side.
Loretta: It's true.
She does a good job.
Ava: Okay, so we turn to the side.
We go one, two, three, four, so our hips are
going to circle.
Then you're taking two steps, so your body
faces the side, okay?
Let's do it again; five, six, seven, eight;
one, two, three, four, awesome.
From here, you're going to come down like
this.
This foot that's in front, you're going to
come up on your toe, and your hips are going
to shift with it, and then you're going to
push it down -- BOOM.
Then you're going to do it again, up and then
sit -- BOOM.
You do that twice.
Let's turn, so we turn; one, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight.
Awesome, let's do that from the turn; five,
six, seven, eight; one, two, three, four,
up sit, up sit.
Awesome, now let's put it together.
From the push, BOOM, and we we go five, six,
seven, eight; one, two and circle, up sit,
up sit.
Now if you want to add a little more spunk
or flavor to it, you could even look at it,
right?
Boom -- pssh, boom -- pssh, or if there's
someone that you want to attract and he's
right up front, you could look at them too.
All right, let's do it to music.
Here we go; five, six, seven, eight, and that's
how you dance to Ciara "One Two Step."